chore: One sentence per line for GUI vs. API page (#348)
citynetwork/docs: docs/background/gui-vs-api.md

There will be times when working from the terminal of your laptop is preferable to using the {{gui}}.
In cases like this, you will use the OpenStack API via a tool like the OpenStack CLI.
Although `openstack` usually requires some reading before doing a specific task, it doesn't take much time to get used to its logic for constructing commands to achieve what you want.
Plus, there is hardly a thing you can't do with `openstack` or a CLI tool that talks to the OpenStack API.

We should also point out that specific tasks can be performed _only_ via the OpenStack API, for there is no counterpart tool in the {{gui}} toolbox.

For instance, whenever you need to [move servers between regions](../howto/openstack/nova/move-server-between-regions.md), then `openstack` is your only option.
Another instance where you work with the OpenStack API and various CLI tools, is when you have to interact with the [S3 API](../howto/object-storage/s3/index.md) or the [Swift API](../howto/object-storage/swift/index.md).

Even though the command syntax of `openstack` may sometimes look overly complicated, the potential for scripting can speed up many operations considerably.

> In addition to that, the OpenStack API is employed by configuration management systems and automation platforms like [Ansible](https://www.ansible.com), and infrastructure as code systems like [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io) and [Pulumi](https://www.pulumi.com).

Reviewer: We could mention OpenTofu instead of Terraform here.

```suggestion
In addition to that, the OpenStack API is employed by configuration management systems and automation platforms like [Ansible](https://www.ansible.com), and infrastructure as code systems like [OpenTofu](https://opentofu.org/) and [Pulumi](https://www.pulumi.com/).
```
